# pyhscore


<!-- WARNING: THIS FILE WAS AUTOGENERATED! DO NOT EDIT! -->

## Install

``` sh
pip install pyhscore
```

## How to use

Fill me in please! Don’t forget code examples:

``` python
from pyhscore import score

help(score.compute_pxlhscore)
```

    Help on function compute_pxlhscore in module pyhscore.score:

    compute_pxlhscore(hed_img, h_threshold=0.05, d_thresholds=[0.12, 0.24, 0.6], verbose=False)
        Computes the pixel H-score for a given HED (Hematoxylin and Eosin-DAB) stained image.

        The H-score is calculated based on the intensity of the DAB stain, which is
        indicative of the presence and quantity of a specific biomarker in IHC images.
        The function allows for automatic thresholding based on the distribution of staining intensities.
        Inspired by the implementation in Ram et al. 2021.

        Parameters:
        - hed_img (numpy.ndarray): The HED-stained image as a NumPy array of shape
            (height, width, channels).
        - h_threshold (str or float): Threshold for Hematoxylin intensity.
            If 'auto', the threshold is set to the mean intensity.
        - d_thresholds (str or list of floats): Thresholds for DAB intensity,
            defining negative, low, medium, and high intensity ranges.
            If 'auto', thresholds are set to the 90th, 94.95th, and 99.9th percentiles.
        - verbose (bool): If True, displays histograms of the distributions of
            Hematoxylin and DAB stain values, and images showing pixels classified
            as high, medium, low, and negative DAB stained.

        Returns:
        - pxlHscore (float): The pixel H-score, a weighted sum of pixels classified
            as having high, medium, or low DAB intensity,
            normalized by the total number of pixels considered.
